I don't know what I don't know what to
say your first your third your sixteenth
you're having trouble with overheating I
mean every kind of emotion going through
your entire body this whole race yeah
you know the first part of the race was
just was just really maintaining you
know the pack was pretty tight we didn't
have a problem going a lap down there
was some crazy stuff going on we got hit
a couple of times I think I got hit by
the seven and I'm you know it's matt
wack to be pretty good so you know it's
glad that the car held together but um
you know it's just it was one of those
races we kind of paste ourselves a
little bit to start with and and but it
kind of got a little worried in there
you know nice nice running let's work
that's what you call a good teammate
that's right job but I mean but you know
it was it was you know just trying to
maintain what we needed to get towards
the end you know it gets gets a little
nerve-wracking when you see the person
that you're competing against for the
chairmanship leading and you might be
sitting in 12th or 14th yeah it gets a
little worried but you know once we
would it work the car out it we had a
little too much understeer and once we
got the car better we could just charge
to the front waving it halfway through
the race that thing came alive yeah I
could just just run flat and you know
Honda did a fantastic job with the power
and and giving us a good one you know is
frustrating to have you know the
overheating problem at the end because I
think we had a shot at winning the race
too did you dip that was maybe after the
thing cleared out and it's you you got
him right in your gut you let him go buy
it one time I mean all you got to do is
keep them in sight and you're going to
win the champion the next drama is this
thing's getting hot that was I didn't
know that that was the crazy thing we
turned all the alarms off the car so you
know because last year I ran half while
not half but two of the last since with
my water alarm on and when an alarm
comes on your whole dash just as an
alarm so you can't see anything so I
didn't even know we had the issue you
know is I think once once a Leo had had
the problem or had to put then then they
the team told me and knew that we had to
try and fix it and after that was just
trying to nurse and sell my lead lemon
is it get my raise hey Scotty is it
compare the three titles is this is this
because the way it happened more fun
than the other two because you had come
so far tried this one still feels unreal
you know the first one for me I didn't
expect you know and I don't think I knew
what I had achieved as young first you
at the team in indy car racing 08 this
big one you know getting to 500 and the
championship in one year it's nothing to
sneeze at getting married in that same
year too so you know this one this one's
really special on the fact that we
haven't had it for five years we've come
close many a times you know when you're
in that position you just think you're
not going to get it again so you know
huge credit to everybody on the team man
it's a big shout out to Del Rio I know
I'm bummed that he can't be here but he
was a he was a huge creditor to what we
achieved this year hello brother